Software requirement system For Online Valuation System


1.Introduction

   1.1 Purpose: The purpose of this  software is that it provide a convenient for evalautor to evaluate the answer sheet easily.
   1.2 Scope: This software will saves the time for correcting the paper and counting marks as well as it saves time of transportation.
   1.3 System overview:
        The system have two phase:
        a)Admin &
        b)Evaluator
         a)Admin:Admin have previlage to  add, delete, change the evaluator profile.They also have permission to upload the scanned  image to the database.Admipaersn can allocate and deallocate the evaluator for particular exam.
         b)Evaluator:Evaluator can login to evaluate the papers.They have option to allocate the required slot according to thier convenient.Evaluator can view summary  of their own  allocation to view thier progress.


2.Overall Description
  2.1 System perspective:
    a)System interface:
        Operating System-> Any operating system.
        Software         ->Net Framework 4.5 and above,adobe reader.
    b)User interface:
	User interface should be  easy and convenient.
	Application is a window form and can be accessed just on click.
	Evaluator or admin cannot do anything without logging in into the software.
    c)Hardware interface:
	RAM:1Gb or more.
	Processor:Pentium 1.75GHz or higher.
    d)Software interface:
        Net framework 4.5 ,Adobe reader.
    e)Communication interface:
        Internet connection by any medium.
  2.2 System functions
     a)User characteristics: User should have basic knowledge of english and computer and also have knowledge of working with appliaction on computer.
     b)External interface requirements:
      i)Design of the software:The design should be developed such that it is easy for users to use the program available in the system.It  is secured,accurate and reliable.
     ii)Platform independent:The application shold be run any platform smoothly and easily.
  iii) Functional requirements:
      Services provided by the system to it's end user is called functional requirements.
       a)Evaluator: Evaluator will login  into system for evaluating the answersheet.A marks will be calculated automatically.
       b)Administrator: The database is hosted on server.A admin have previlage to change the role of evaluator,can view the marks.
  iv)Performance requirements:
       The database shall be able to accomodate a maximum of users.
       There are no other specific performance requirements that will affect development.
   2.3 Logical Database requirements:
       SQL Server 2008
          Sql server 2008 is used as a database with no special skills to learn.
	  User can create tables,views,queries,modify.
          sql database is portable.
   2.4 System Attributes:
      a)Reliability:The database can crash at any certain time due to virus or operating system failure.Therefore it is required to take a back up of database.
      b)Availability:System will be available around the clock except for the time requires for backup of data.
      c)Security: to protect the system from accidental or malicious access,destruction a following measures to be followed:
                   i)Keep Specific log.
		   ii)Restrict communication between some areas of program.
      d)Maintainability: Installation and operation manual will be provided to the users.
      e)Portability:    Application is build using .Net framework.It woul be portable to other operating system provided compatible .Net framework is available on that OS.
   2.5 Other Requirements:
  	No other requirements.
   3.System Evolution:
 